= Red Money Project

<b> Simple trading system </b>

This project is in a very alpha stage at the moment. Most functionality is not yet implemented.

== Indicator Functionality

The indicator module provides methods for performing indicator 
calculations, over a data set that implements the Enumerable interface.

  data = [1,2,3,4,5]
  sma = Sma.new(:test, 3) # Create a Sma of length 3 with name 'test'
  result = sma.process_array data # Calculate the result

The HasIndicators mixin module also provides the ability to add indicators
to your collection classes. The example below extends the built-in Array class:

  class Array
    include HasIndicators
  end

The array can now be used as follows:

  # Create the array
  l = [1,2,3,4,5]
  # Call the SMA indicator and pass it a argument of 3 (thus performing
  # a 3 point SMA.
  l.setup_has_indicator_mixin
  result = l.run_indicator :sma_3

== Portfolio Functionality
A portfolio is a collection of data and indicators to run over the data.

  p = Portfolio.new do
    name :Tradeables

    symbol :NAB, :AX
    symbol :CBA, :AX
    symbol :WOW, :AX

    indicator :ema_13
    indicator :ema_25
    indicator :max_10
  end

To retrieve the symbol data from the data source (the default is to
use the yahoofinance gem) do the following:
  p.update_symbol_data

To run all the indicators
  p.run_indicators

To use the symbol data and the calculated indicators
  puts "Date,Close,EMA_13,EMA_25,MAX_10"
  p[:NAB].each do |bar|
    puts "#{bar.date}, #{bar.close}, #{bar.ema_13}, #{bar.ema_25}"
  end

== Trading System
This part of the design is still forming. See link:examples for my initial thoughts.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Michael Lamb. See LICENSE for details.
